The meditation status and post-meditation status.
These six paramata practices are more emphasized to the post-meditation, particularly these post-
three paramatas,
such as generous paramatas and morality paramatas, patient paramatas.
It's more focused, more targeted for the post-meditation practices.
Because we have three things, and our motivation is where we spend time.
In the post-meditation, we practice maybe three hours, three hours, four hours, in 24 hours.
But rest 17 hours or 20 hours is post-meditation status, if we use terminology.
So therefore, then this post-three paramata is more focused on the 17 or 20 hours practices,
20 hours duration that we're trying to keep up that.
And always, all paramata practices are with mindfulness, with joy, with appreciation.
With appreciation and as much as we can do. Those are generally then known as "accommodity merit."
All those are "accommodity merit."
At each time, even in the post-meditation, even in your busy time, even in the street or whatever,
in the work places, if you do some good things, dedicated merit is.
Merit, really, even we can join our short prayers by this merit.
May all of everyone is free from suffering, difficult troubles.
In our short prayers, in the Tibetan song, the "tamsi zupani", "tum na nipa, dana, pamze, jeganak,
balun tum."
Sipanthon, our first line of the dedicating prayer of the short, condensed our dedicating and us
praying prayers.
So those are, we can do. That is excellent.
All others, some kind of prayer, I dedicate this merit for all living beings, for their joy and
peace, happiness,
as our local shora, as menjushiri, as a Buddha, menjushiri, sorry, bodhisattva, Samandabhadra,
they're doing dedications. I do that.
Same way, those are the in the Buddha teaching mentioned.
So we are imitating of such great bodhisattvas with their dedicating,
where they perform the aspiration prayer, I do the same way.
Then it's really known as you're swinging on the wings of those great bodhisattvas.
We are swinging with the wings of the great bodhisattvas, bodhisattvas.